Use LatLonCover for landcover data (#65)
Imageomics/Andromeda: andromeda/README.md

    ```
NOTE: Since the result is a CSV file no warnings will be returned.

### Create a dataset for some iNaturalist observations

> Creates a dataset for iNaturalist observations returns JSON withthe dataset id and a URL for downloading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a dataset for iNaturalist observations returns JSON with the dataset id and a URL for downloading
```
